add as ctb and new updated section (#254)
R-ArcGIS/arcgislayers: NEWS.md

> # arcgislayers 0.4.0
> 
> ## Bug fixes
> - Improve `update_features()` with an error message when objectid is different from `integer`. 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# arcgislayers (development) 

## Bug Fixes

- Improve `update_features()` with an error message when the `objectid` is not an `integer`. 

## New Features

## Breaking changes 
# arcgislayers 0.4.0
```
